server means giving some data which can be used in s/w app eg movie servie you have the nerflix server  and you can watch netflix movie on web app, mobile app, smart tv or Xbox 

Netflix server == api

kannada ----> English <-----Rajastani 
		
Application Programming Interface

netflix maintains singal API technology which means It allows different software applications to communicate with each other.

company like netflix are able to provide services where it doesn't matter what kinda technology is happening here they can all talk to the api in a common language 

e.g we can watch a movie on Xiomi TV or we can watch it on LG TV or Mac or Iphone etc 

Everything in the world is a API. 

All API use JSON formatt. 

IPhone App are build using Swift language and 

Prettier website is used to make the json data prettier and readable 

Every backend project will have an API  

step 1: Before I can build the website
step 2: API endpoint
step 3: study the API Json data 
step 4: test and make sure it is working 
AFTER THIS WE CAN START BUILDING THE SOFTWARE 

steps to remember 

step 1: take the API link from the nasa website 
step 2: copy the link in a new tab 
step 3: go to raw data and copy the data 
step 4: go to "Prettier" website 
step 5: select "Json" from the dropdown
step 6: Paste the data in prettier(You'll get the data in prettier and more readable form)


In your web app code you'll have to write the api link which we have taken from NASA API website and you have to generate the API Key from the NASA website only. Just like below:

        let apikey = "ohPAwlRIfXaSUUcpH7yvmbyLwfJZwGul58jrJueP";
    let url = "https://api.nasa.gov/planetary/apod?api_key=" + apikey;

    console.log(url);

- Now you'll get your endpoint in the console. Now copy the endpoint which is in this case is "url". Paste the endpoint in the postman app for testing the link. Follow the below steps for the testing 

Steps for Testing the api 

1. Install Postman 
2. Create the Account
3. Create a Workspace (OPtional)
4. Create a collection 
5. Add a request
6. Confirm that you are getting the JSON



DOM Manipulation 

DOM is nothing but everthing is HTML





			                       